---
layout: post
title:  "Letter to my Future Self -- 2024"
date:   2024-07-24 21:30:00 +0100
tags: Personal
---

Dear Lyndon,

Hope your past year has gone well. In case you forgot, I wrote this last year to catch up and see how things went for you / will go for me. [The last time I did this]({% link _posts/2023-07-19-Letter-Future.markdown%}) I went for a full review, but I'm doing it a bit looser this time. Partly because I don't think it's necessary, partly because it's late at night as I do this (as usual) and I'm a bit tired.

## How's work?

We just had a new starter join our team. It's a bit exciting to see someone go through a process similar to mine half a year ago -- how time flies! I'm glad to ~~not to wait for others to approve my PRs~~ get more people to work on larger projects.

So, how is it for you? Hopefully, your team has done amazing things and not broken prod. You might also have certificates/proof to show your achievements and even use other languages or tools for your work.

Outside of your job, have you done anything exciting? Maybe it's another personal project, or finding more meetups. I'm working on something right now and aim to finish it this week, so let me know if that worked out.

## What's up with your hobbies?

I've picked up [Blood on the Clocktower](https://bloodontheclocktower.com/) recently -- what about you? How have your hobbies evolved? I used to make paper origami quite often, but it dropped off after COVID as I moved back to the UK for university. Probably because it wasn't practical to move the models between flats.

## Any special things you've done?

Outside of regular hobbies, have you done anything special?

I just had my final canoe lesson last weekend. I paddled on the Thames, near where I crossed to get to Reading town centre. It's wild how being on the river gives you such a different perspective. I kid you not, I was filled with joy and a bit surprised at how much that delighted me. Near the end of the session, the coaches gave me a slimmer boat and more efficient paddle to try out... and I fell in the water. "Of course", as I laughed it off and worked to empty the cockpit.

Goodness, what a session to end on.

Enough of me sharing what you already knew. What about you?

## How are your friends & family?

_(I'm intentionally being a bit vague here, just because I'm not very linclined to expose all my personal life on the public.)_

Carrying over from last year, are there any changes with your support network? Moving in with friends definitely changed things for me, so maybe you will have similar changes. Maybe you've got more British friends?

## Any long term plans?

Just because it's more casual doesn't mean I won't ask the same questions, mate.

I'm not sure if setting a goal works for us. The benefit is an obvious target; though make it too low and you'll be lost afterwards, while put it too high and you'll hardly achieve it. Any concrete plans or timelines might be easily disrupted by other life-changing events, which you are inclined to take anyway.

Instead, do you have a direction you want to go?

Be as specific as you want. Like with goals, you probably want a middle ground: too broad and it's meaningless (e.g. keep being a programmer is a for-sure), whereas too narrow and it's easy to deviate outside it (e.g. be a Python-only Platform Engineer).Alternatively, jot what you wish your future to look like, and work backwards. 

Or I'm just rambling again and none of this makes sense to you.

Before I go...

## How _are_ you?

As I said, I'm a bit tired. Doing all the things for work and entertainment is fun, but make sure you aren't stretching yourself either. Put aside some time for rest (and sleeping!), 見字飲水 (drink some water), and make sure you're healthy and sane.

Anyway, I'm looking forward to your response.

Best regards,

Lyndon

24/07/2024
