---
layout: post
title:  "Quick Note to 2025"
date:   2024-12-31 23:30:00 +0800
tags: Personal
---

Hey,

I don't have much time left, so I'll make this as short as I can.

Get a grip and do something that you can be proud of next year, alright?

You've definitely faced a lot of [big changes]({% link _posts/2024-03-13-big-changes.md %}) this year -- starting a new job, moving to new environments, etc. These big changes help, but more will be coming.

You said you'll [gamble more]({% link _posts/2024-07-03-gamble-more.md %}), but it doesn't seem like you're following through with your bets.

You've done some [large projects]({% link _posts/2024-08-28-Aether-Note-Taker.markdown%}) (pats on your back), but a few got put aside, which still took you days if not weeks. Part of it is just dealing with a hard problem, but some is also just poor scheduling and not prioritising.

So, erm, do that!

Finish some projects (ideally something each quarter), but more importantly, _plan the bloody thing out_.

You looking to prepare for a test? Start from the date, and work backwards for a timeline. Track your progress. Make small steps. And _please_ revise your flashcards.

You wanna try other languages? Cool, but don't just stick to Leetcode / [Advent of Code](https://adventofcode.com/) (which is still GOAT by the way). Completing a servicable project is totally different from solving DSA problems with extra steps, and you know that.

You wanna enrich your life? Try something! What thing? Anything! (Within reason of course.) Read a book, discover a new hobby, do some volunteering, or travel to new places. You still haven't explored much of the UK, right?

Stay on track. Social media and Youtube can always wait.

Before you despair, do remember this is for ourself. Yes, you can definitely share it wherever it's relevant, but it's not the point. Imagine the opposite: you've not done much in the year, and future you looks back and thinks, "Weird, I haven't done much in 2025. Pity I wasted one of the few years in my 20s..."

Well, you know what to do, and where to start. Hope this gives you a push whenever you need it in 2025 and beyond.

Enjoy the new year,

Lyndon

2024/12/31, less than 10 minutes to midnight

P.S. I know you know this, but this is more an urge to make this public. So you know you could be watched 😉