---
layout: post
title:  "Letter to my Past Self -- 2025"
date:   2025-07-29 21:30:00 +0100
tags: Personal
---

Dear Lyndon,

Thanks for writing. I only remembered this only around the start of the month, and forgot most of the contents until I read it again. Which probably means this is still a good annual surprise.

## How's Work?

There's a change, but luckily for good. Through a variety of interesting circumstances, I _do_ get to interact more with data!

Also you'll _finally_ start studying for that certificate. Not that you shouldn't start earlier though.

### What about outside my job?

Well, a bit. I built [a note-taking app but with some extra stuff](TODO: link to aether article) and [some other pseudo-program to help solve my friend's problem at work](TODO: link to grid article).

## What's up with your hobbies?

'm afraid nothing new, captain.

Mostly Magic and a bit more blood on the clocktower. I _did_ have to leave my D&D campaign which I've been on almost 2 years, but at least my character will get an ending he has earned.

## Any special things you've done?

I _did_ go some travelling! One with friends, and another one by yourself.

## How are my friends & family?

Same old, though moving into London does mean I lost some of my ties back near where I lived. Not many more British friends it appears. Got a new flatmate though!

## Any long term plans?

err let's deal with that one in a bit

## How _am_ I?

Fine! I promise I'm fine.

_(sigh)_

I'm not that easy to read, innit? Hopefully at least it's just you.

Usually there's a section for me to to talk more about myself, but at least I don't need to make an awkward transition this time.

Moving into London was -- or is -- plunging yourself from the distant and quiet neighbourhood back into a bustling city. Lights, sounds, exhaust, and vape. All a sight at first, but slowly overwhelming your senses. It's a bit like going back to Hong Kong -- not even a year and I'm already talking about it.

It seems I feel more tired recently. Maybe it's finding and getting a new job, or finding and moving to a new place. There are things I can do to help, like going to sleep earlier. (Says me typing this near midnight.) My friends have found a local parkrun, and I've started going to the gym. It's tiring, but a good sort of tiring. I found a local card game shop, and should try to find a replacement D&D campaign too.

None of the above solve my biggest problem of you might know and I definitely had warned myself: Not doing stuff. Yes, work, but surely you ~~could get~~ deserve a life outside of it. I already sent a note just as 2024 ended, but haven't read it until I started writing this post. I don't have a good response. Before you ask, yes, you _will_ have enough time after work. I weakly, neigh, strongly believe I should care about something -- programming or not. But I don't want that thing to be "whatever".
<!-- https://eev.ee/blog/{date_I_want_to_publish_this_minus_one_week}/the-rise-of-{thing_in_quotes}/ -->

## Quickfire round

Yes, the usual. Some things that will happen to you, deprived of order and context:

- bump into someone you know on your travels (no Hong Kong doesn't count)
- chat with a coworker at a pub near midnight
- visit a board game pub
- bring friends to an event since there's room for "+3"
- _bought_ some snacks from Hong Kong for a good time
- _received_ some snacks from Hong Kong for a good time
- hear someone sing "No, your mom" unironically

## TL;DR

I could go on for a long time – so long that you become me. But do know you have good XXX days ahead of you, alright?

Get your advance train tickets while they're cheap, and I’ll see you in London.

Good luck,

Lyndon

10/07/2025